But at the same time, you've said that quote,
I don't believe there's pleasure in life.
I believe there's only a relief from pain. We have to suffer to be on top.
So isn't there something to just the suffering in itself,
just doing really difficult, just to get to the top.
To explain that. And so people can relate to it cuz not everybody's a fighter.
I think the best example I can give is
let's say you're you haven't eat for a long time and you're you're craving.
Right? So you're suffering. And then when it's time to eat,
finally, you're about to eat your a dish.
It's gonna taste so much better.
So that's why I believe there's always a,
some sort of sacrifice before the pleasure. And the more sacrifice you do,
like the, they say in fighting the, the bigger, the risk bigger is the reward.
And I feel that's, that's how it, it is for.
Me. Yeah. I feel that with, uh,
I've started fasting a little bit in the past couple of years and uh,
there's nothing as amazing as a delicious meal or anything, actually.
Anything, any food when you haven't eaten for several days, it's,
it's kind of incredible. Uh, it's not,
it's not incredible in this simple way of finally I get to eat it's you get to
truly experience the, the beauty of, of what it is to be alive.
Like that little piece of food, you see all the flavors you, you, you,
you feel just the experience of it is, uh,
ultimately of gratitude of how awesome it is to be alive.
But when you eat many times a day and you're PI out and you don't get to
experience that, and it's fascinating, it's really,
it is really like fasting is one of the most accessible things for people.
I think to experience that kind of, uh, pairing of hardship to pleasure.
I agree. And in my case, it changed my life life on a good, good way.
I cannot recommend it to people because everybody is different.
But after my, to,
to fight Michael BI being my last fight was against, uh,
the champion in the heavier weight class that I used to compete at.
So I thought that if I would gain weight,
it would increase my performance. And I struggle a lot to gain weight.
I gain a lot about eight to 10, 10 pounds.
Normally I walk around 180 5 pounds and for that fight,
I was walking around 1 95. However,
I forced myself to eat like six times a day. I was on a very,
uh, strict diet and I didn't feel,
it didn't feel right to me because I feel like I,
I was carrying like a little bit,
like I was carrying a bag on my shoulder mm-hmm <affirmative> and
I think it was a bad idea for me because when I
did the weight, the weighing and I,
I go went on a scale at 180 5. I couldn't go back to my initial weight.
That was 180, 1 95 that I worked so hard for several months. Yeah.
To get there. So I was one 90 pound,
but I couldn't get back in the morning of the fight. I, I, I, I got, I got sick.
I had like, uh, we didn't know what,
what it was in the beginning because in order to know,
to find out what it was, I needed to do what they call a colonoscopy.
They put a camera inside of you. And to do that, they give you, um,
something that makes that, that empty you. And I was trying to gain weight,
not to lose weight <laugh> so I,
I told myself I'm gonna wait after the fight. Yeah. Whatever it is,
because it was pretty bad. It was blood. And I, I didn't know what I was.
I was very concerned. I thought I had maybe cancer. I was freaking out.
So I said, I'm gonna do that fight. And then after right away,
I'm gonna make a checkup. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. So I did that fight.
Everything went well. I wanted the fight. I went back home.
I did the colonoscopy and I, I got diagnosed with ulcer colitis.
Then I got on very severe medication, uh, to get better.
And I'm not a big fan of medication.
I always trying to look for more natural way to, to,
to get better. And I found out about fasting and, um,
it really changed my life. I met Dr. Jason fun was one of the,
one of, one of the world authority of, of fasting.
He treat diabetes patient with fasting and he gave me a program of fasting.
And, um, it really changed my life.